Carto conv docs (#1)
kkavitha/docs-tap: release-notes.md

  - Added ability to indicate how Cartographer can read the state of the resource and reflect it on the owner status.
  - Surfaces information about the health of resources directly on the owner status.
  - Adds a field in the spec `healthRule` where authors can specify how to determine the health of the underlying resource for that template. The resource can be in one of the following states: A stamped resource can be in one of three states: 'Healthy' (status True), 'Unhealthy' (status False), or 'Unknown'  (status Unknown). If no healthRule is defined, Cartographer defaults to listing the resource as `Healthy` once it is successfully applied to the cluster and any outputs are read off the resource.
- [Cartographer Conventions](./cartographer-conventions/about.md) v0.1.0 is now bundled with the Supply Chain Choreographer

>   - This component replaces the [Convention Controller](./convention-service/about.md) which is deprecated from the version 0.7.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - As of v0.7.0 release of [Convention Controller](./convention-service/about.md), it's APIs haven been deprecated in favor of continuing future development on [Cartographer Conventions](./cartographer-conventions/about.md) which is now bundled with Supply Chain Choreographer.
```

>   - As of v0.7.0 release of [Convention Controller](./convention-service/about.md), it's APIs haven been deprecated in favor of continuing future development on [Cartographer Conventions](./cartographer-conventions/about.md) which is now bundled with Supply Chain Choreographer.

Reviewer 2: in Supply Chain Choreographer's release notes we call out that cartographer conventions is now bundled with it, should we give a brief description of what it does and that it is replacing convention controller?

and then have another release note for Convention controller with a caution that convention controller is being deprecated in favour of cartographer conventions?
